Update doc for runtime overrides in KEB (#269)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/kyma-environment-broker/03-06-runtime-overrides.md

You can set overrides to customize your Kyma Runtime. To provision a cluster with custom overrides, add a Secret or a ConfigMap with a specific label. Kyma Environment Broker uses this Secret and/or ConfigMap to prepare a request to the Runtime Provisioner.

> **NOTE:** Create all overrides in the `kcp-system` Namespace.

## ConfigMap

> The overrides mechanism selects ConfigMaps by filtering the resources using labels. You can prepare overrides for a given plan and Kyma version, using the `overrides-plan-{"PLAN_NAME"}: "true"` and `overrides-version-{"KYMA_VERSION"}: "true"` labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The overrides mechanism selects ConfigMaps by filtering the resources using labels. You can prepare overrides for a given plan and Kyma version using the `overrides-plan-{PLAN_NAME}: "true"` and `overrides-version-{KYMA_VERSION}: "true"` labels.
```

Reviewer: You do not use " in the example below, so I'd remove them from here as well.

> **NOTE:** Each ConfigMap that defines overrides must have both labels assigned.

> Optionally you can narrow the scope for the overrides to a specific component. Use the `component: {"COMPONENT_NAME"}` label to indicate the component. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optionally, you can narrow the scope of the overrides to a specific component. Use the `component: "{COMPONENT_NAME}"` label to indicate the component. 
```

> The mechanism for the overrides lookup requires at least ConfigMap to be present otherwise it fails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The overrides lookup mechanism requires at least one ConfigMap present for each plan and version pair. Otherwise, it fails. 
```

> See the examples:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the example of a ConfigMap with global overrides for the `trial` plan and versions `1.15.1` and `1.16.0`:
-
```

> - ConfigMap with global overrides for plan `trial` and versions `1.15.1`, and `1.16.0`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: ConfigMap
    metadata:
      labels:
        overrides-plan-trial: "true"
        overrides-version-1.15.1: "true"
        overrides-version-1.16.0: "true"
      name: global-overrides
      namespace: kcp-system
    data:
      global.disableLegacyConnectivity: "true"
    ```  

### Use Kyma default overrides for specific plan and version

> By default, the overrides lookup mechanism expects at least one ConfigMap present for each plan and version pair. It will fail otherwise. To allow the Kyma installation without providing any additional overrides create empty ConfigMap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the overrides lookup mechanism expects at least one ConfigMap present for each plan and version pair. Otherwise, it fails. To allow Kyma installation without providing any additional overrides, create an empty ConfigMap.
```

> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the example of an empty ConfigMap for the `lite` plan and version `1.16.0`:
```

> - Empty ConfigMap for plan `lite` and version `1.16.0`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: v1
    kind: ConfigMap
    metadata:
      labels:
        overrides-plan-lite: "true"
        overrides-version-1.16.0: "true"
    data:
    ```

## Secrets

> In order to use Secret to provide overrides, you must label it using `runtime-override: "true"`. Optionally you can narrow the scope for the overrides to a specific component. Use the `component: {"COMPONENT_NAME"}` label to indicate the component. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to provide overrides using Secrets, label the Secret with the `runtime-override: "true"` label. Optionally, you can narrow the scope of the overrides to a specific component. Use the `component: "{COMPONENT_NAME}"` label to indicate the component. 
```

See the examples:

- Secret with global overrides:

    ```yaml
    apiVersion: v1

>     kind: ConfigMap

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    kind: Secret
```
